Added a new optional dark theme that provides greater contrast for the text in the editor on all supported platforms (#41234)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.16.0/Workbench/Bugfixes/41062.rst

> - The mantid code `editor` now supports higher contrast font formatting for users using dark mode on macOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The  :ref:`Script Editor<main_window>` of Mantid Workbench now automatically changes font colors in MacOS dark mode for better readability.
```
